Reflection for Lab 5
For this Lab I choose to work on a old project that I had in Brooklyn College in March of 2016. For this project we were to create a program that could track the teams for a NFL league. In the original c++ code for this project I had endless cin and cout statements when I would ask for information display it, and just keep repeating this until they were done submitting teams. Now in my revised version of this assignment I choose to use a object oriented approach to this problem. With the object oriented approach I find the problem to be much easier to understand and approach. I approached the problem a class of Team with string name and 3 ints win,losses,ties. Now my tools for using it were the getName,getWins,getLosses,getTies, and setName,setAll and toString. Now the problem was simple. All I had to was to set up a menu where the user can choose to input a team, display the teams, or exit, and loop over this menu until the teams were full. 

Some of the Issuses I had while writing the code were from trying to figure out how to protect the code from running into an infinite loop when the cin was expecting a interger value and I would write a string value into it. I came across the stoi function which would take a string and convert it to a interger. So I used it to help me by first having the cin go into a string temporarily then converting from the string to the interger this way it would give an error if I input the wrong value instead of infinite looping.

From my experience over the years of coding I now find it much easier to visualize the problem and be able to solve it in a easy way that I can draw out on paper before coding. If I were to solve this again I would choose javascript because then I would be able to build up the list of teams and make it look nice. I would be able to fetch from apis if they wanted to used a sports team from a current pro league. There are many benefits to using javascript for a problem like this and even frameworks like react. 
 